BOLT 11: Copy edit (#502)
lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc: 11-payment-encoding.md

If a URI scheme is desired, the current recommendation is to either
use 'lightning:' as a prefix before the BOLT-11 encoding (note: not
'lightning://'), or for fallback to Bitcoin payments, to use 'bitcoin:',
as per BIP-21, with the key 'lightning' and the value equal to the BOLT-11
encoding.

## Requirements

A writer: 
  - unless the Bech32 string MAY be longer than the 90 characters specified in BIP-0173:

>     - MUST encode the payment request in Bech32 (see BIP-0173).

Reviewer: This should read:
```
A writer:
   - MUST encode the payment request in Bech32 (see BIP-0173)
   - MAY exceed the 90-character limit specified in BIP-0173.
```

Author: Done...

## Requirements

A writer:
  - MUST encode `prefix` using the currency required for successful payment.
  - if a specific minimum `amount` is required for successful payment:
	  - MUST include that `amount`.

> 	- MUST encode `amount` as a positive decimal integer with no leading 0s.

Reviewer 2: Seems we are mixing tabs and spaces here, could we make this consistent while we're here?

> 	- MUST encode `amount` as a positive decimal integer with no leading 0s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	- MUST encode `amount` as a positive decimal integer with no leading zeoes (`0`).
```

Reviewer 3: what are zeoes?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	- MUST encode `amount` as a positive decimal integer with no leading zeroes.
```

	- SHOULD use the shortest representation possible, by using the largest
	  multiplier or omitting the multiplier.

A reader:
  - if it does not understand the `prefix`:
    - MUST fail the payment. 
  - if the `amount` is empty:

> 	  - SHOULD indicate that amount is unspecified [FIXME: indicate where or to whom?].

Reviewer: - SHOULD indicate to the payer that amount is unspecified

Author: ...and done. No worries, you're a busy man!

    - MUST set `c` to the minimum `cltv_expiry` it will accept for the last
    HTLC in the route.
  - SHOULD use the minimum `data_length` possible for `x` and `c` fields.
  - MAY include one `n` field.
    - MUST set `n` to the public key used to create the `signature`.
  - MAY include one or more `f` fields.
    - for Bitcoin payments:
      - MUST set an `f` field to a valid witness version and program, OR to `17`
      followed by a public key hash, OR to `18` followed by a script hash.
  - if there is NOT a public channel associated with its public key:
    - MUST include at least one `r` field.
      - `r` field MUST contain one or more ordered entries, indicating the forward route from
      a public node to the final destination.
        - Note: for each entry, the `pubkey` is the node ID of the start of the channel;
        `short_channel_id` is the short channel ID field to identify the channel; and
        `fee_base_msat`, `fee_proportional_millionths`, and `cltv_expiry_delta` are as
        specified in [BOLT #7](07-routing-gossip.md#the-channel_update-message).
    - MAY include more than one `r` field to provide multiple routing options.

>   - MUST pad field data to a multiple of 5 bits, using 0s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - MUST pad field data to a multiple of 5 bits, using zeroes (`0`).
```
